feature/6: HealthCheck Endpoint (#30)
AbsaOSS/login-gateway: README.md

```
{project-root}/{module}/target/scala-{scala_version}/jacoco/report/html
```

> ## Using Jconsole to monitor /actuator/health

Reviewer: Consider restructuring of the section. I suggest:
## Health check endpoint
[a sentence or two that there is SpringBoot Actuator for Health implementation, reachable via HTTP and JMX]
### via HTTP endpoint 
[mention that the HC endpoint can be found in at `http(s)://server:port/actuator/health`, also in swagger UI - see other comment]
### via JMX 
[Explain that only local-process JMX binding is enabled, remote is not but could be via config...]
#### Connecting to local JMX endpoint - steps
[here you can put the steps you have written]

```
{project-root}/{module}/target/scala-{scala_version}/jacoco/report/html
```
## Health check endpoint

> Springboot Actuator enabled for this project. This provides the user with an endpoint (readable via http or JMX)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Springboot Actuator is enabled for this project. This provides the user with an endpoint (readable via HTTP or JMX)
```

> that describes the status of the login-gateway as well as it's dependencies (for example: Databases, Ldap, server statistics, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that describes the overall status of the login-gateway as well as its parts.
```
(I would leave out the examples, because they are not true currently)

### Accessing health endpoint via http

> Health Endpoint can be accessed via http using the following URL: `http://localhost:8080/actuator/health`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Health Endpoint can be accessed via http using the following URL: `http://localhost:port/actuator/health`
```
8080 is not the correct port for us, in config we set 9090, but we could be generic and just write `port` (also once again below)

Accessing the above should give you the following Json message if all is functional and healthy:
```
    {"status":"UP"}
```
If one of the monitored dependencies are unavailable or unhealthy then you will get:
```
    {"status":"DOWN"}
```
If you wish for a full breakdown of the applications health including all dependencies then add the following to the application.properties file:
```
    management.endpoint.health.show-details=always
```

> The health endpoint is also available via the Swagger: `http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The health endpoint is also available via the Swagger: `http://localhost:port/swagger-ui.html`
```
